# Is there a good “auto attack” WPS build in this game?

[https://www.reddit.com/r/LastEpoch/comments/wydvvs/is_there_a_good_auto_attack_wps_build_in_this_game/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share](https://www.reddit.com/r/LastEpoch/comments/wydvvs/is_there_a_good_auto_attack_wps_build_in_this_game/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

After spending a couple hundred hours playing Last Epoch I wanted to share some thoughts and suggestions I had.

The current crafting system basically defaults to always using the glyph of hope and rune of shattering. I have found that I very rarely use other types of glyphs and runes since either the opportunity cost is too high or the risk is too great. The variance of FP lost after each craft is in my opinion too high, but I understand that just lowering the variance would make crafting too easy.

1. Make the runes of removal, shaping and refinement rare to find, but crafting with them costs no FP, and for the rune of removal it could be extremely rare but allows to choose which affix to remove. This would mean the player must carefully choose on what item these should be used due to their rarity. It would also make crafting with these runes more enjoyable and make dropping one of them exciting.
2. Make the FP lost variance smaller when crafting low tier affixes and higher at tier 4 to 5. The current range from 1 to 27 is kinda absurd. It really doesn't make sens to lose 20 FP when adding a tier 1 affix to an item. However it would make perfect sense to lose 20 FP when trying to raise an affix to the 5th tier. This would work well if each concurrent tier gave non-linearly increased bonuses meaning the difference between tier 1 and 2 should be smaller then between tier 4 and 5 and noticeably so, so there is incentive to risk losing that forging potential to raise to tier 5.

Unrelated to crafting but I think very needed would be for the loot filter creator to only show affixes relevant to the selected item types. For example when selecting show items of type "gloves" and adding another condition to show certain affixes the list should only show affixes that can be applied to "gloves". This would help the player understand which affixes can be applied to which item type.